hello again everybody this is francois
878 bringing you another weapons video
in this video we're actually going to
compare two weapons jinwu's shock sword
vs the trench knife which are two
different melee weapons you can obtain
from operation anchorage at the end
there and i've been old only right now
fighting some deathclaws that is running
away from am sorry about that as you can
see it's got a shock effect to it this
is the ok come on genius it's got a
shock effect to it and it also reduces
enemies to ash so that's a downside to
it because you can't refight them let's
save the wasteland ur cool but it does
about 40 damage but my mail a stat is
really low so i would probably ballpark
50 damage or so per strike we're gonna
kind of tend to hear
can we get for strikes and bats with it
though so see how that goes out for it
oh come on one more oh yes the electric
damage is a bonus now we're going to
stretch to the strip to the trench knife
which as you can see there only does 19
damage astray they're not dying I would
look bad in the video right as you can
see I'm hacking away at it definitely
not quite as good damage wise but it
doesn't have it also doesn't have the
shock effect which doesn't reduce people
to hack which is a good thing I guess if
I had all my AP my action points I would
be able to pull off six hits and vats my
don'ts and it does no damage there we go
alright my evaluation would be the shock
sword wins unfortunately I guess just
the fact that it's more damage per
strike and they're just as fast so sorry
trench knife we love you though it's a
good backup weapon though in the next
episode I will be comparing the gauze
rifle with the Tesla cannon so stay
tuned